you should be able to hear me now you
can hear me okay
i plugged the microphone into a
different usb port today
now you can see me and hear me there we
go
i mean at least i immediately knew what
it was and it was an easy fix you know
what i mean
but we've been we've been too long what
have we been two
three streams
that just went seamlessly we needed a
tiny hiccup otherwise this wouldn't be
gay watch you know what i mean
all righty let's do the intro and stuff
while we wait for
people to get the notification and head
on in
while i figure out where i'm setting
things
i'm brittany this is eddie welcome to
gay watch where we watch gay things this
is a moda sushi live stream
reading reaction
thing i have not read the book before i
have seen the untamed though
so i am familiar with the story
and things that happen
just not in novel form and we are
reading the official english translation
that came out may 17th we are actually
almost halfway
we were
we are getting towards the end of the
city arc
and we're at page
160.
i'm actually not sure where on 160 huh
though
but this is not a uh this is not any
kind of audiobook situation as i always
say this is a i am literally fathoming
what i'm reading as i'm reading it and
reacting accordingly
so if you were expecting any kind of
like
asmr let's sit and chill while somebody
reads me a cup no
no this is much more um
histrionic than that
this is this is kind of a nuts kind of a
nuts time
and
where
where are we on page 160
and this is always
the fun of tuning in right at the
beginning you get to see me wonder where
the hell i actually left off despite
having a bookmark
that's the add coming out right there
huh who all who always made it oh my god
so many familiar i almost said faces so
many familiar names
do we get greatly rewarded after yeast
city though
gina i'm looking at you
i feel like we deserve it
you know i mean if i was gonna sit down
and write something like this
ye city arc
i'm gonna be like you know
i'm gonna give him a little something at
the end of this
for getting through
all of that
but uh we're almost
at the halfway point we will definitely
be at the halfway point at the end of
this stream
which means this is stream fives which
means there's probably another five
streams so that's another couple of
weeks a couple of weeks and some change
before we finish this and then start
waiting for
when does volume 3 come out i know it's
this
fall i don't think it's a winter release
the winter release is the um
the manhua
the man who gets released on like like
right before
christmas like december 22nd
but volume three is a little bit before
that
i believe we're towards the bottom of
which is paired once again
with the absolutely devastating arch
of of shuyong and
ching chen
what a lovely place to start for a live
stream this is just good times
yeah
yeah gina we get to finish we get to
finish you city today
it's impressive how long it's been
actually
this is a really
considerable arc
which i expected it to be flushed out
more than it was in the show because
they basically cram it all into
two episodes
maybe some change you know some wiggle
room around there with like the before
and after but i think it's basically two
episodes
and it definitely felt short at the time
so i knew it was gonna be expanded upon
but like this was like really
they she really
took her time
this is like
going through
this whole arc
that's a lot of if there's five volumes
then it's going to be roughly about 100k
um
for each volume
because the original story is about 500k
and taking up half the
book that's that's 50k
that is a 50k arc
that is that is a considerable amount of
screen time devoted to yeast city
and like
on one hand
i'm super grateful because this is a
really
obviously this is a fantastic arc this
is a lot of people's favorite arc in the
whole show and like that's valid i get
you i understand
um
but i'll be interested to see how the
novel
really ties this into the rest of the
story you spend so much time on it
how does this form wushan
going forward
you get some ideas in the show
but i'm curious as to how
how this affects novel wushan
alrighty it's about 3 11 where i am i
know it's like after midnight where some
people are like grace
uh but it's been a few minutes
so we're going till about 4 30 maybe a
little bit after as per usual
and i try
to remember to get a break in there
somewhere in the middle
sometimes it's like before the last
third but i try to get somewhere in the
middle a nice little five minute break
so that you can like get up and go do
something if you're anchored at a
desktop
and what have you
but we usually get through about 40
pages in an hour and a half
so we should be
at around 200 by the time we're done
and
once again i found it we are at the
bottom of 160.
or were we in the middle of 160
this is the stuff you tune in for
i am aware
we'll start at the middle just to get a
bit of a running start
i was about how's about that
i believe i know where i left off but i
think past me was wrong
so around the middle of 160 then
he'd been gone quite a while before
auching dared to move
she couldn't stand upright and wound up
rolling to the ground where she squirmed
for a while before crawling back to her
feet
she took a few arduous steps shaking out
her bones and muscles then walked faster
and faster faster and faster until she
finally broke into a run
she ran for a long time leaving yeast
city far far behind her before she
dared release the whale stifled in her
chest
tao chong dao chong she sobbed
dao zhang
the scene changed suddenly they were in
a very they were in a different place
by now au-ching seemed to have been on
the run for a while
she walked in a strange city pretending
to be blind with her bamboo pole in her
hand and she asked whoever she
encountered excuse me are there any
major clans in this area
excuse me are there any really strong
masters in this area cultivation masters
i mean
she's searching for someone who can
avenge xiao xing chen what roshan
observed
unfortunately no one took her inquiry
seriously
most simply walked off after a few
placating words however arching wasn't
discouraged she tirelessly asked one
person after the other and continued to
be waved off and chased away
seeing her search was bearing no fruit
here she left and walked down a small
path
she'd been walking and asking around for
the entire day leaving her exhausted
beyond measure
dragging her heavy feet she came to a
small stream she cupped her hands and
drank a few swallows of stream water
moistening her throat which was so raw
it burned
the reflection of the wooden hairpin in
her hair caught her attention and she
reached up and removed it
the wooden pin was originally crudely
made like an uneven chopstick full of
bumps and holes
shashing chen had helped her smooth it
out and even carved a little fox at the
end of it
the little fox had a very pointy face
with a pair of large eyes and it was
smiling
when arching first received the hairpin
she felt it and exclaimed in delight oh
it looks like me
staring at this pin notching pursed her
lips wanting to cry
her stomach grumbled and she fished a
small white money pouch from her robes
the same one she'd swiped from shaoxing
chen so long ago now
ooh
mxtx really trying it
she took a tiny piece of candy from the
money pouch and carefully licked it when
the tip of her tongue sent sweetness she
tucked the candy back into the pouch
that was the last candy shaoxing chen
had left her
aching had her head down as she put away
the money pouch with the passing glance
she suddenly noticed another shadow
beside her reflection in the water
in that reflection
shoe young was looking at her smiling
here we [__] go
aching let out a shriek of fright and
scrambled along the ground as she dodged
away somehow shuyong was already
standing behind her with shanghai on his
hand he opened his arms to gesture for a
hug and said happily ah ching what are
you running for we haven't seen each
other for ages don't you miss me
watching screamed help
however this wild mountainous little
path was very remote there was no one
around to save her
shuyong arched his bras
i was on my way back from finishing up
some business and you young when
amazingly i ran into you in the city
while you were asking this and that what
unstoppable destiny don't you think
speaking of which what an excellent
faker you are i can't believe i was
deceived for so long amazing
aching knew she couldn't escape this was
certain death
after the initial surge of terror a
feeling of calm washed over her
having determined she was going to die
anyway she might as well curse him to
her heart's content all her shrewish
energies surged forth again and she
hopped up and spat you animal you
traitor [__] worse than a dog
your mom and paul must have screwed in a
pig's pen to have conceived a little a
mutt like you [__] eating rotten dick oh
yes girl give it to him
she's like i'm about to die and i'm
gonna go down
burying your ass with words
respect
ah
having roamed the streets for so many
years she'd heard plenty of obscene
abuse now she spewed nothing but
profanity at shuyong who listened with a
wide grin
you're so good at this how come i never
heard you be so feral in front of
shaoxing chen you got any more
screw you you shameless bastard aching
cussed further
you dare mention dow jon that's down
zhong's sword you think you're worthy of
it you're dirtying his things
shu young rey shanghai in his left hand
oh you mean this it's mine now how pure
did you think your dow jong was well
it's mine from now on in any case
yours my ass aching snapped dream on why
don't you where did you get the right to
say whether dao jong was pure or not
you're nothing but it's not dao jong
must have had eight lifetimes of bad
luck to have the misfortune to be
tainted by you the only dirty one is you
you
shi young's face finally dimmed
aching had been on edge for so long
always on the run now that this dreaded
moment had finally arrived her heart was
strangely light
she young sneered darkly since you enjoy
pretending to be blind so much why don't
i help you make it a reality
he swept his hand up in a strange powder
assaulted arching's face blasting into
her eyes her vision was nothing but
blood red all of a sudden before
everything turned black
stabbing pain overwhelmed her eyeballs
and aching gave a blood curdling scream
shuyong's voice came again such a long
tongue in that big mouth of yours i
don't think you'll be needing it either
a sharp and bone bone-bitingly cold
object burrowed into oching's mouth just
as waywu shan felt the pain at the end
of his tongue he was forcefully pulled
back
the crisp jingle of the silver bell was
only inches away wavy shane was still
submerged in arching's emotions unable
to snap out of it for the longest time
his surroundings seemed to spin around
him
lending he waved in front of him
no reaction he didn't go stupid did he
jin ling retorted i told you all empathy
i told you all empathy was super
dangerous
wasn't it you who didn't ring the bell
in time what was going on in your head
lengthening ye counted zinling's face
froze i
thankfully wei wushan finally got a hold
of himself
he stood supporting himself on the
coffin as he did
aching had already broken away from his
body and was also leaning over the side
of the coffin
the boys scurried around him like a
litter of piglets squishing together and
talking all at once he's up he's up
thank goodness he didn't go stupid
wasn't he already stupid don't talk
nonsense
the chirping by his ears was incessant
way wushan waved them off quiet i'm so
dizzy
they quickly quieted way wushan looked
down and reached into the coffin peeling
aside the clean and tidy collar of
shaoxing chen's taoist robe just as he
expected at his throat was a thin yet
fatal wound
way wushan's side he turned to arching
you've worked hard
the reason aching was a blind ghost but
didn't move slowly or carefully like
someone who had been blind in life was
because she'd only been truly blinded
right before her death
before that she'd always been agile and
energetic a young girl who moved like
the wind
in the years since she had hidden alone
in yeast city which was choked with evil
miasma skulking about and setting
herself against xi young she scared away
the living who entered the city giving
them warnings and hurting them out
how great her courage and dedication
must be can we like erect a statue in
her honor please
mv [__] p
seriously like it all went wrong but
like i don't care mvp
we're at the top of page 166.
aching was leaning over the side of the
coffin she put her hands together in a
praying motion as if begging for
something then taking her bamboo pole
for a sword she swung it in a kill kill
kill motion just like she used to
do when playing around
don't worry wait was shannon assured her
he turned to the clan juniors you guys
stay here the walking corpus in the city
won't enter this charitable mortuary
i'll be right back yeah he will yeah he
[__] will
uh-huh uh-huh he's like i'll be right
back i have to like thoroughly [__]
kill somebody hang on
oh oh yeah
lang jingyi couldn't help but ask what
exactly did you see during empathy
the story is too long i'll give a full
report in the future where we shan said
yeah yeah he just essentially lived
through it i don't think he really has
the energy to like recount that kind of
[__] horror oh
you can't shorten it don't keep us in
suspense jingling yelled
i could
and way wishing did exactly that with
his next words
shu young must die
yes
amidst the confounding evil miasma that
filled the air
the kaka of aching's bamboo pole led the
way
one man and one ghost moved swiftly
speedily arriving at where the fight
still raged lan wong ji and shuyong's
battle had already moved outside
bichan and zhengchai's swords
gl sword glares clashed with each other
he'd clearly arrived at the battle's
critical moment beach and calm and
collected had steadily gained the upper
hand
chiang jai wild as a mad dog was barely
keeping up however the dreadful white
fog kept lan wong ji from seeing clearly
while shuyong had lived in yeast city
for many years like au ching he knew the
roads like the back of his hand this was
the cause of their stalemate
every so often the gucci's angry cries
cut through the clouds to expel the
hordes of walking corpses that
relentlessly circled them waywu shan had
only just pulled out his flute when two
streaks of black crashed heavily in
front of him like iron pagodas
when ning and seong long pin wen ning
had song lan pinned to the ground the
two fierce corpses were strangling each
other their knuckles cracking hold him
down way washing commanded
he stooped and swiftly found the ends of
the skull piercing nails in songman's
head
he relaxed these nails are much thinner
than the ones in wen ning and the
material is different too it shouldn't
be hard for song lon to return to
himself
he immediately pinched the pointed ends
and pulled slowly feeling the strange
objects in his brain twist songland's
eyes snapped open and he hissed and
snarled low
when had to increase the strength of his
grip to prevent him from struggling free
when the skull piercing nails were
pulled out songline instantly slumped to
the ground like a puppet whose strings
were cut and stopped moving just then
there was a rage maddened roar from the
scene of combat give it back
len wang ji's sword
had slashed a crunch across shuyong's
chest
beachen's
tip didn't only spill blood
but it also plucked free the spirit
trapping pouch hidden in his robes
we were shan unable to clearly see what
was happening yelled in response shuyong
what do you want him to give back
shanghai it's not like chiang mai is
your sword so where do you get off
saying give it back are you that
shameless i love how way roshan doesn't
even haven't even seen what happening
but he's like shu young opened his mouth
and that means it's some [__]
we gotta shut that down quick
yes
shoe young burst out laughing well wai
chambe aren't you insensitive
go ahead and laugh you can laugh
yourself to death and you still won't be
able to piece xiao xing chen's soul back
together
he finds you repulsive and yet you still
had to try and drag him back to play
with you
oh
oh where's that comic of that judge
banging his gavel oh
see okay it was one thing when my girl
ah ching
knew shu young's [__] right she's a
15 year old girl on the streets she can
sling some curse words with the best of
them you know but now that way wushan
knows his [__] shoo young about to be
cut to ribbons with words only i am so
here for this
i am ready i am primed
i am too excited
oh oh oh yes yes
shu young went from laughing
uproariously one second to yelling
hatefully the next who wants to play
games with him
then why did you kneel so pitifully
before me
begging me to restore his soul
shu young was very astute he had to be
able to see that way wishing was trying
to disrupt him on purpose first by
angering him to distraction and then by
making him yell so long she could
determine his position and attack and
yet he couldn't help himself from
answering again and again
one of young's fatal [__] flaws am i
right
why
like you don't know he spat furiously
i'm gonna turn him into a fierce corpse
an evil spirit for me to command he
wants to be some kind of moral virtuous
cultivator doesn't he i'll make him kill
nonstop without a day of peace huh
wherever shane commented you hate him
that much
then why did you go and kill chiang ping
shi young laughed derisively
why did i kill chen ping do you even
need to ask yelling patriarch didn't i
tell you if i said i was going to kill
the entire giant clan of you young then
i wouldn't even spare the dog
every time he ran his mouth he announced
his own location the sound of a blade
piercing flesh echoed through the air
again and again xu young must have been
near impervious to pain way wushan had
already witnessed this during his
session of empathy the youth could be
stabbed through the belly and still joke
around like nothing had happened
that certainly is a nice excuse but the
timing doesn't line up way wishing
continued to needle him someone like you
who would take a thousand eyes in
exchange for a single lost eye who works
with such viciousness and efficiency why
put it off for so many years if you
genuinely meant to kill the whole family
you know full well for whose sake you
really went to kill chiang ping for
why don't you tell me then shoo young
spot
she young spat
what do i know full well huh what do i
know
the last part was screamed aloud
if you just wanted to kill him why did
you lose why did you use ling chi
way wushan preston it's a form of
torture meant to punish sinners if you
were avenging yourself why did you use
chonghua rather than zhang chai why did
you have to pluck out chiang ping's eyes
just like shashing chen
shi young screamed his response for all
he was worth [__] that's all
[__] what should i let him die and
easy death when i wanted revenge
well i agree that it was vengeance way
we shan assured him but who exactly were
you avenging i mean what a joke if you
really wanted vengeance the one to
suffer the thousand cuts of ling cheese
should have been your own damn self
two sharp whizzing sounds snapped
through the air shooting towards him
wade washington didn't move an inch but
when ning darted in front of him and
intercepted the two gleaming vicious
black skull piercing nails
shu young let out the hooting laugh of a
mad owl and then stopped abruptly he
fell silent no longer responding and
continued to fight lan wong ji in the
dense fog
this little thug's life force is too
strong it's like he can't feel pain at
all no matter where you heard him weiwu
wushan thought
if he'd just keep yapping lanjan could
stab him some more i refuse to believe
he could still jump around with his
limbs cut off
too bad he's not taking the bait anymore
just then a series of clear crisp taps
came from within the fog
it quickly clicked in his head way with
shan ordered len jen stop where that
bamboo pole is tapping
len wang ji immediately attacked shu
young grunted a moment later the bamboo
pole sounded again from a different
place dozens of meters away
lenwang ji continued to strike wherever
the sound directed him
shu young threatened in a dark tone
little blindy trailing so close behind
me aren't you scared i'll crush you
between my fingers
au-chang had been constantly on the move
in yi city ever since she was murdered
by xiu young hiding so he wouldn't find
her for some reason she young seemed to
ignore her wandering ghost perhaps
thinking her too insignificant to be a
concern but aching was now following him
like a shadow within the thick fog
beating her bamboo pole against the
ground to expose his position and guide
lan wong she's attacks
listen i've already screamed about it
but like mv [__] p yet again thank
you shu young was extremely fast able to
disappear from one place and reappear
almost instantly in another however
aching was quick as well even quicker
than a ghost
even quicker as a ghost than she'd been
when alive
she stalked him like a curse hot on his
heels wildly beating the ground non-stop
with the bamboo pole in her hand
the south uh
the sound of that kakada was suddenly
far suddenly closed suddenly left
suddenly right suddenly in front
suddenly behind xu young couldn't shake
her off and as soon as the sound rang
out the glare of beechan was sure to
follow
shuyong had been like a fish and water
in this fog at first able to hide and
lay ambush but now he had to split his
focus to deal with aaching as well he
cursed under his breath and whipped a
talisman behind him but in that split
second of distraction guided now by the
sign of aching's horrible scream bichen
pierced through his chest
aching's ghost had been shattered by
shuyong's talisman
she could no longer expose his location
with the tapping of her bamboo pole but
bichen had finally delivered a fatal
blow
shu young was no long shoo young i got
too excited xiu young was no longer able
to move as stealthily as before no
longer so difficult to catch
from within the fog there came thick
bloodied coughing noises
way wishim threw out an empty spirit
trapping pouch to salvage auching's
damaged soul
dragging his feet with great effort shu
young took a few steps before he
suddenly lunged forward screaming with
his hands extended give it to me
beachen's blue light flashed lan wang ji
had cleanly chopped off one of shuyong's
arms
i was so hoping that was something that
was actually in the book
blood gushed forth
ahead of way wushan a large area of the
hazy white mist was suddenly died
crimson the stench of blood was
overwhelming a humid rusty smell that
dominated the senses but way wooshan had
no time to care
he was busy concentrating on locating
and squirreling away the pieces of
aching's shattered soul
although xu young still did not moan in
pain there came the sound of knees
heavily hitting the ground
having finally lost too much blood he
collapsed unable to walk a step further
len huangji readied bchen once more its
next attack poised to send xiu young's
head rolling
unexpectedly a burst of blue flames
erupted suddenly from within the white
miasma
the spell fire of a transportation
talisman
weibuchan knew disaster was
imminent he charged over having no time
to worry about the perils within the fog
in his rush he nearly slipped where the
stench of blood was thickest there were
rivers of it all over the ground all
spewed from xu young's severed arm
but xu young himself
had vanished
len wangju walked over and wei wishen
asked the gravedigger
xi young had suffered a fatal blow from
bchen and lost an arm judging by the
amount of blood he was undoubtedly dead
he couldn't possibly have had enough
energy or spiritual power left to use a
transportation talisman
len wang jin climbed his head i struck
three times three times at the
gravedigger his capture was imminent a
sudden assault from a large crowd of
walking corpses aided him in his escape
weiwushen's brows furrowed as he thought
aloud so he was already hurt but didn't
hesitate to spend an immense amount of
spiritual power just to take shuyong's
corpse with him
which means he probably knew shuyong in
his history
taking the body
he was hoping he had the yin tiger tally
on him [__] [__] that's
right oh yeah
rumor had it that the yen tiger tally
was lost after shu young was taken care
of
by jin gwanyal
but judging by the looks of things the
tiger tally was likely on his person
ye city had become a hive filled with
millions of living corpses walking
corpses and even fierce corpses
corpse toxin and skull piercing nails
would hardly help control so many of
them
only the presence of the in tiger tally
explained how xu young could command
such absolute obedience from the corpses
ordering them to advance an attack in
wave after wave
someone as paranoid and cunning as shu
young would never let the entire tally
out of his sight he would only ever keep
it on him where being able to feel it
every waking moment would give him a
sense of security
by taking his corpse the gravedigger had
as good as taking the in tiger tally
itself
this was no trivial matter way wushan
said gravely with things as they are we
can only hope there's a limit to what
the restored yin tiger tally can do
right then lenrangi lightly tossed
something at him
wait we shan't caught it easily what is
it
the right arm like wong ji replied
what he had tossed over was a brand new
evil ceiling shankun pouch
only then did he wishen remember their
original objective for coming to yi city
he brightened
our good buddies right arm
len wong she replied
that lenwongji had actually had time to
successfully find the right ghost arm
while surmounting innumerable hurdles
the gravedigger the walking corpses the
evil miasma really way wushan
had to hand it to the guy
as expected of hengwon june he praised
vigorously we're ahead in the game again
it's too bad it's not the head
i really want to get a look at our good
buddy's face you know but we'll get
there soon enough where's songline
once shu young's body disappeared the
white fog swirled faster and began to
thin out
visibility was improving which was
precisely how way wushan had suddenly
realized songlan had disappeared
only when ning now crouched in the spot
where he had lain gazing in way wushan's
direction as if in a stupor
len manji placed his hand on the hilt of
bichen
which had only just been sheathed way we
should assured him it's fine no need to
be alarmed sung then was the fierce
corpse from before he should have no
intent to attack anymore or when ning
would have given warning it's likely his
mind returned to him and he left on his
own
way we shambled a soft whistle winding
stood up at the sound and retreated head
vowed his figure disappearing and into
the white mist
as the sound of dragging chains
gradually faded lan wong ji made no
comment aside from a calm
lettuce go
just as they were about to go away we
shared suddenly said hold on
in the pool of blood he spotted a
lonesome object
it was shu young's severed left arm
the hand was missing a pinky and the
four remaining fingers were tightly
balled into a fist
it's the metaphor
they were clenched hard weiwu shan
crouching down had to pull with all his
strength before each finger peeled back
in the now open hand he found a tiny
piece of candy sitting in the palm
the candy was slightly black and
certainly no longer edible
it was a little crushed from the force
of that grip
weiwi shane and lan wong zhu returned to
the charitable mortuary together the
doors were wide open sure enough
sunglass stood beside the coffin where
xiao xing chen lai his head hung low as
he gazed into it
the clan juniors their swords brandished
were all squished together and bunched
to one side staring an alarm at this
fierce corpse who had attacked them
earlier
at the sight of way wushan and lan wang
ji's return they looked as if their
lives had been spared but still didn't
dare to yell terrified they might rouse
songman from his stupor or provoke his
ire
way wishing crossed the threshold and
gave lan wong ji an introduction
song land
songs you chen dao jong
still standing vigil beside the coffin
song then looked up and turned his gaze
their way
lenwang ji lifted his robe lightly to
elegantly step over the high threshold
and inclined his head and greeting
sunglass mind had returned and his
pupils had rolled back into place
the eyes that gazed at them were clear
and black
and those eyes once shaoxing chin's own
were full
of indescribable
sorrow
there was no need for further
questioning way wishing had his answers
songline had seen everything during the
period he was under stu young's control
as a fierce corpse and he remembered it
all
to ask more questions to even say
anything else would do nothing but add
to his helplessness and pain
after a moment of silence way wishing
took out two small identical spirit
trapping pouches and passed them over
shashing tended
i'm fine it's fine i'm not emotional
don't know what you're talking about
xiao xing chen dao zhang
and miss aching
respectively
although aching was terrified of shuyong
she still trailed after the murderer who
had killed her with his own two hands
she was the one who kept him from hiding
and guided bichen's blade to make sure
he finally reaped what he'd sowed
the assault of xiu young's vicious
talisman had almost dissipated her soul
weiwoshan had put the utmost effort into
salvaging what pieces she could but it
was fragmented and scattered now
much like shaoxing chens
the two feeble souls were curled up in
the twin spirit trapping pouches so
fragile it almost seemed like the
slightest bump would make them disperse
inside their bags
songland's hands shook slightly as he
received them
he cradled them in his palms not even
daring to dangle them by the drawstrings
for fear the swaying would damage them
okay that one hurt
songdojong what do you plan to do with
shaoxing chen to chong's body wait was
shane asked
one hand carefully holding the two
spirit trapping pouches songland pulled
out for shu
i didn't look up that pronunciation
[__] with his other with his
other and wrote on the ground
cremate the body
nurture the soul
given how fragmented shashington's soul
was it would definitely never return to
its body cremation wasn't a bad idea but
the body turned to ash and only the pure
soul left behind perhaps one day
with patience and care
it could return to the world
now we're getting to the spin-off that i
want to talk about
we're um we're almost there that was the
first
first little hint
way we shared nodded what are your plans
for the future
song man wrote carrie shangha walk the
worldly path
exercise
exercise evil together wishing chat
there's the other part i mean i'm sure
it's a common
thing in the fandom
but where the hell
where the hell
is my spin-off
with song lan
traveling the world
and defeating evil and over
a
great
number of
months and years
does
he
put chinchin soul back together again
where
is that spin-off i want to [__] know
i will take a good long fanfic in lieu
of an actual official
spin-off
he paused briefly then wrote once he
wakes tell him
it was not your fault
the words he was unable to say to
shaoxing chen
while he was alive
the evil miasma of ye city gradually
dispersed
they could already see the long streets
and intersections lan wang-ji and wei
wushan led the group of clan juniors out
of the barren ghost town
songland bade them farewell at the city
gates he was still dressed in the same
ink black taoist robe
alone he carried two swords
shanghan
and two souls shaoxing chan and aking
and thus
he walked a different path
it was not the path they'd taken to get
to ye city
lan shizui
lost himself for a moment gazing at that
retreating form
then said shaoxing chen bright moon cool
breeze ever distant
song zichen dauntlessly scorns the snow
and frost
i wonder if reunion
will ever come for them
as wayward shan trek down this road so
overgrown with weeds he noticed a field
this was where shashing chan and
watching saved shu young back then he
thought
lenjing he spoke up now can you tell us
exactly what you saw during empathy how
did that guy turn out to be shu young
why was he impersonating shaoxing chen
and and was that really the ghost
general where did the ghost general go
why isn't he around anymore is he still
in ye city why did he suddenly appear in
the first place
pretending not to have heard the second
set of questions when shane replied
well this is a complicated story
way to undersell it
wushen
once he was done telling the tale as
they walked down the path
there were nothing but gloomy clouds of
melancholy all around him
the most shocking plot twist of all
no one remembered the ghost general
anymore
wow leave it to luchan to dodge
questions about the ghost general by
explaining the ye city arc in detail
that was my cat meowing he's just being
a clean clingy bastard today he's fine
if he really starts yelling i'll
get up and let him in but let's hope
that it's just a couple times
we are oh i haven't told you guys in a
second we are at the top of 177.
once he was done telling the tale as
they walked down the path of duh lan
jingyi was the first to start crying
how could something like that happen in
this world
jindling flew into a rage that shu young
scum scumbag that death was too kind for
the likes of him if fairy were here i'd
send it forth to bite him to death
wei wuchen was horrified if fairy were
here he would likely have died to fright
himself before i could get around to
chomping shuyong to death
the boy who had complimented aching's
beauty while they spied through the door
beat his chest with grief and regret oh
misha ching misha ching
lan jing yi cried the loudest utterly
losing control of himself but there was
no one to remind him of the rules
regarding clamor since lan shizuo's eyes
had gone red as well
thankfully lan wong ji didn't silence
him
let's go burn some jaws money for
shaoxing chen dao zhang and miss au
chang huh managing you suggested all
snot and tears isn't there a village at
the intersection ahead let's go buy some
stuff and pay respects to them
the group all agreed okay okay
they'd reach that village by the stone
tablet as they spoke lan jingyi and
lanchi julian patiently ran over and
bought a mess of incense sticks candles
and red and yellow paper money
they walked to the side of the road and
used earth and mud blocks to build
something resembling a windproof stove
the boys crouched together on the ground
around it and began burning paper money
mumbling as they did
way wushan hadn't made any wisecracks on
the way as he wasn't in the best of
moods
but watching them now he snapped out of
it
he turned the line wong ji
hang on june look at what the children
have gotten up to right on other
people's doorsteps why didn't you stop
them
then when she replied glenda
replied blindly why didn't you stop them
fine i'll help you manage them said
uno already married
and so he went and so he went you've got
to be kidding me each and every one of
you is a junior of a cultivation clan
did your daddy's mommy's shoe shoes or
bobos never teach you that the dead
can't receive paper money what does the
dead need money for they won't get any
of it besides burning the paper money
here in front of other people's homes
managing me wave dismissively go away go
away you're blocking the wind the fire
won't start with you in the way
besides it's not like you've died before
how would you know whether the dead can
receive paper money huh
that is some of the most choice dramatic
irony
i have come across
oh that was beautiful
odd beautiful
the other boy
tears and soot smearing his face also
looked up and agreed yeah how would you
know what if they can
we shin mumbled how would i know
of course he knew because in the ten
something years he was dead he hadn't
received a single sheet of paper money
lynching he added another knife to to
his heart even if you didn't receive it
it's probably because no one burned you
any
oh
ooh
how could that be wayward shane asked
himself could i have been that much of a
failure that no one would burn me any
paper money could it really be that i
didn't get squat because no one burned
anything for me
the more he thought about it the more he
thought it was impossible he turned his
head to lan wong ji and whispered hang
on june did you burn any paper money for
me at least you did right len wanji cast
a glance at him then lowered his head
and brushed off the bit of ash staining
the end of his sleeve he gazed quietly
into the distance not providing a single
comment
way we shouldn't watch this serene
profile and thought no way
he really didn't
just then a villager with a bow strapped
to his back walked over clearly upset
why the heck are you burning all that
here this is in front of my house it's
unlucky
see you got yelled at didn't you and we
shan't done it
the boys never having done anything like
this hadn't realized burning paper money
in front of someone else's door was
considered unlucky they apologized
profusely lan zooey wiped his face is
this your house sir that villager
replied ha what are you saying kid my
family's lived here for three
generations if it's not my house is it
yours
jin ling grew up set at his tone and
made to stand up watch your tone mister
waywuchan pushed him back down by the
head
that visual
oh why wasn't this in an episode oh man
lancey zuri added
i see i apologize i didn't mean anything
by my question it's just the last time
we passed by this house it was a
different huntsman we encountered hence
my question
the villager looked at him blankly
another huntsman who he held up three
fingers and said my family only had one
son per generation i'm the only one no
brothers my dad died a long time ago i
ain't got a wife sire no children so
what other huntsman is there
but it's true langenie insisted also
standing up he was all bundled up tight
where big hat was sitting in your yard
repairing his bow and arrows like he was
getting ready to go hunting when we
arrived we even asked him for directions
he was the one who pointed us to ye city
that villager disked
what bull you sure you saw him sit in my
yard there ain't anyone like that in my
house that dingy little backwater ye
city even the ghosts there will kill you
pointed the way for you i think he
wanted to end you i think what you saw
was a ghost
he spat a number of times to counter the
bad luck then turned away shaking his
head the boys were left looking around
at each other in dismay
lending ye was still arguing
but he really was sitting in this yard i
remember it clearly way wushan gave
lanmanji a brief account and then turned
to them do you understand now you guys
were lured to ye city that huntsman who
pointed you there wasn't a local
villager at all it was someone in
disguise with ulterior motives
was someone intentionally leading us
here with the cat killings was the fake
huntsman the one who did it jingling
asked
most likely way wushan replied
lan jizuy was puzzled why would he go to
all that trouble to lead us to yi city
we don't know yet at least for the time
being but be very careful from now on
where we should advise if you encounter
these kinds of strange happenings don't
investigate on your own contact your
families first have them some have them
send help and work together if it wasn't
for the fact that hang on june was also
a new city your little lives might have
been snuffed out
cold sweat rolled down the junior's
backs as they thought of how things
could have ended if they fell at yi city
whether it was a death surrounded by
walking corpses or being killed by that
real-life devil's shoe young either
scenario was terrifying
len wang-ji and wei wushan kept going
for a while leaving the group of clan jr
leading the group of clan juniors behind
them
just as the sky was darkening they made
it to the city where they had left the
dog and donkey earlier the lights were
bright and the air was abuzz with human
voices
at this site everyone in the group felt
the same thing
this is where the living should be
living
way we shine flung his arms open at the
side of the spotted donkey and exclaimed
joyously little
apple little apple braid furiously at
him then weibuchan heard the barking of
a dog and immediately burrowed behind
lan wong ji
fairy had come charging over as well and
the dog and donkey faced each other
bearing their teeth
tie them up properly lan wonky said it
is meal time
dragging a long way with shan who
remained practically glued to his back
len wang ji ascended to the second floor
as he followed the waiter
jin ling and company were going to
follow but lan wang-ji glanced back and
gave them all an indiscernible sweeping
look
lanchizuri immediately said to the
others seniors and juniors must be
separated let's stay on the first floor
len wang-ji gave a light nod then
continued up the stairs with a cool
expression ginling stood hesitantly on
the steps not knowing whether to go up
or down way was shan turned back
giggling adults and children must be
separated there are some things you guys
had best not see
i mean okay
jin ling pursed his lips who wants to
see len wang ji ordered a table for the
juniors on the first floor while he and
wei wushan sat face to face in a private
booth on the second floor
henron june listen to my one piece of
advice way we shan started absolutely do
not let your family shoulder the
entirety of the cleanup for ye city a
giant city like that would be a massive
expense to sort out and incredibly
tricky at that
shutong was never under the jurisdiction
of the land clan of gusu
take account of the juniors downstairs
see which families they're from and
count each of those families in it's
their duty to contribute
worth considering lenwang she agreed
really consider it yeah waywa shan said
everyone loves to jump into a fight when
there's glory to be had but fob's off
the task when there are responsibilities
to shoulder if you guys hold your
tongues and handle everything you'll
just wind up spoiling the other clans
and they might not fully appreciate your
kindness or understand the trouble
you've undertaken if you do this too
often people will start assuming they
can leave everything to you whenever
something happens that's how the world
works
after a brief pause he added
still this really is rotten luck yes
city is so remote and there happens to
be no watchtower in the area either if
there were jin ling and the boys
wouldn't have barged in by mistake and
it wouldn't have taken so many years for
miss hatching and shaoxing dao zhang's
souls to be freed
there were as many cultivation clans as
there were stars big and small
and scattered across the land
most resided in prosperous cities that
were accessible from all directions or
in spiritual lands with lush auspicious
landscapes
no clans wish to set up in remote
impoverished areas
even skilled rogue cultivators rarely
ventured that far in their aesthetic
travels
thus when evil hauntings occurred the
locals of these remote lands often
suffered untold misery with nowhere to
go for help
when the former family had
from the former family head of the jing
clan of lan ling that is jinguang shan
was still around jinguan yao had posed
the idea of the watchtowers but
jingwangshang showed no enthusiasm for
the project which would have been
monstrously expensive
you have the you know what we're not
going to get started
about jingoinshine we're just we're not
we're not going to get me started
furthermore the gin clan of landling
didn't have the power to rally enough
people behind them at the time the plan
got no attention and nothing wound up
happening
once jing guang yao formally succeeded
the seat of the family
the seat of the family head and ascended
to the position of cultivation chief he
began rallying and allocating both
manpower and clan resources determined
to put into action the idea he'd
conceived in the past
at first the voices of descent were the
loudest many suspected the jin clan of
landling would profit from this
opportunity and were only interested in
lining their own pockets but jinguan yao
smile in place
it's always the dimples
persisted relentlessly for a full five
years
in those five years he formed alliances
with countless people and clashed with
just as many others
using both hard and soft tactics
employing every trick up his sleeves he
finally persevered long enough to see
his plan come to fruition
building over 1200 watchtowers
these watchtowers were distributed in
remote and impoverished lands and every
tower was allocated a number of sec
disciples from various clans should
there be any abnormal activity these
disciples would take immediate action
should the problem be beyond their
ability to resolve they would swiftly
report to and seek help from other clans
or rogue cultivators if the cultivators
who assisted asked for compensation and
the locals were unable to bear the
financial burden the gin ling clan the
jin ling clan the jin clan of land ling
was able to raise enough money every
year to support a payment pool
i mean when the worst person you know
it has a point you know you know you
know
all of this had happened after the
yielding patriarch's time
it was only after traveling by a number
of watchtowers that way we shan heard
about the origins from lan wong ji
rumor had it that golden carp tower was
currently raising funds to initiate
construction on a second batch of
watchtowers increasing their numbers to
3 000 and covering an even greater area
since the watchtowers were already
visibly effective the second set would
no doubt be well received soon after
they were established
that being said the voices of doubt and
mockery had never fully quieted when the
time came it was sure to be another
grand mess
it didn't take long before the food was
served and with that the liquor way
wishing glanced over the table over the
table seemingly nonchalant most of the
dishes were red with spice he paid
attention to what lion wong ji took
noticing most of the dishes he reached
for were plain and bland he only rarely
went for the vibrantly red ones though
his face remained unchanged when he took
a bite an idea came to whey wushan then
wangshi noticed his staring and asked
what is it
shen languidly poured himself a cup and
replied
i kind of want someone to drink with me
really
oh
is this a reward
chapter nine is literally called the
allure
i would just like to point out
holy hell it's about four so we're gonna
take our like nice little quick five
minute break now right
uh so if you if you need a second to go
around to go do something we're just
gonna we're gonna take a breather i'm
i'm gonna have a sip of my juice we're
all just going to
calm down and ignore my phone and
absorb the end of the city arc
i really do wish we had gotten that
scene of the boys building the thing
like it was so well-meaning
and yet
but that of course led to finding out
that they had been lured to east city
which is like super comforting and not
at all creepy
but now we get drunk wanting we're about
to get drunk on
why can't i say that am i drunk why
can't i say that today drunk
wong ji
we're about to get that right
like come on
come on
right
i'm correct
yes
what on earth was that emoji annie
it looks like a a
looped rubber tube
yeah see
drunk g i like it
we finally get drunk wonky
oh
okay so it's going to be like a super
short break because i want to get to as
much of that as possible
but yeah is that yeah we are we are we
are on um page 185 we are at the very
beginning of chapter nine
once again called the allure
that's exciting and since we're on page
185 that would have made make us
officially a little over halfway through
the book
oh
oh definitely more than that because i
always forget to take into account
i'm such a
lord i always forget to take into
account the um you know the characters
and name guides in the back which
accounts for a not inconsiderable number
of pages
so we are actually
farther along than i think we are
hang on
yeah
yeah yeah
so then maybe it won't be another five
full sessions maybe
five or six full sessions maybe it'll be
more like four or five
hmm
oh ooh i'm excited i'm excited have we
encountered
we didn't get drunk wongji
in volume one did we
i haven't read drunk wongji yet
i feel like
i should really make a habit of skimming
through the previous volume when the
next one is getting ready to come out i
should probably do that for the sake of
my brain and comprehension
oh was the mic a bit low
i'm so sorry
let me see hang on
i'm going to i didn't have it turned
down very much at all but here let me do
that and pardon any metal on metal
sounds coming at you
oh good that was quiet i've pulled it a
bit closer is that better
i'm so sorry i've been talking oh i've
been i've been talking to you guys for
like an hour and the sound is low um is
it better
does it need to come closer
i usually take into account that i yell
a lot i have a generally pretty loud
voice
so good better okay better gotcha gotcha
i'll keep that in mind for the uh for
the future
i'm just i'm always told to lower my
voice so i just never worry about
me reaching a mic
sweet
right before we start i'm gonna let my
cat in because he's ridiculous
and i don't know why he's howling except
the fact that he is he's
uh
i i could use a descriptor here that i
don't think youtube would appreciate me
using but he is of loose morals
this boy
he does not
he's not very um he doesn't really
distinguish
but you know he's he's not he's
yes
uh one second and then we'll get back to
drunk wonky
do not take my chair
he tried to take my chair
he totally dove in he's obsessed with my
new chair
at the moment
as what usually happens when you get a
new chair with a cat dresden come here
yes
hi
yeah i know i'm in your seat
lord boy
can i
he's not leaning up so i can pick him up
i knew this was going to happen
eventually you do enough live streams in
the house with cats am i right
come here
come say hi to the people
you absolutely ridiculous animal he is
not leaning up so i can pick him up why
would he be helpful like that why would
he do that
there we go
dear god
here he is and now he's just going to be
a loaf he's not going to turn oh no
he's not going to turn to face the
people he's just going to loaf on my
shoulder
for like the next however long
hello sir
hi
yeah
i know
he's purring but that's not special
the boy never stops purring
the first three days after we got him he
literally did not stop purring at all i
thought he was broken
because he just he just never stopped
it's pretty rare
to get close to this thing and not hear
it rumbling
okay well now that the gray loaf is in
place
pce no live stream only chair yeah i'm
sure that was absolutely riveting
best part of any live stream i've ever
done
absolutely
listen you
i don't know where you got this idea oh
no you're not no don't don't roll with
the
okay
if he just stays a loaf
this will be possible
anyway
picking up a chapter 9 top of 185
now that i have a cat
not really expecting lan wong ji to join
him weiwu sharon tossed back a drink
lenwang ji looked at him after a moment
of silence the man drew back his sleeve
with care and unexpectedly reached out
to pour himself a cup
he steadied himself for a moment then
raised the cup and slowly drank it down
we love
rebel wang-ji
i just post
cliff wangjie
i it because
they do such a great job
establishing
pre-cliff wang-ji
that the payoff the entire payoff
of all the stuff we get with post clip
wonky
is just so
satisfying and like scream worthy
i'm not prepared okay
way with shannon was amazed hang won jun
you're being far too considerate are you
really going to join me tonight
he hadn't paid close attention to the
man's expression the last time they
drank together this time he made sure to
take it all in
then wangjii shut his eyes when he drank
he wrinkled his brows finished the cup
in one swallow and pursed his lips
imperceptibly before he opened his eyes
once more
the flowing glance that had that he
swept over weiwou shan seemed
slightly dewy
uh-huh
way we shouldn't propped his cheek on
his hand and started counting mentally
sure enough when he got to eight lenwang
ji set the wine cup down placed his
forehead against his fingers closed his
eyes and fell asleep that way
way we shan't had to hand it to the man
he really was one to sleep first and be
drunk later
an inexplicable eagerness surged to his
head at this opportunity he chugged the
remaining liquor in one go then stood up
and paced back and forth in the private
room with his hands clasped
i'm assuming behind him
a moment later he strolled up next to
lan wong ji and stooped down to whisper
softly in his ear
lan chen
no response
wait we shouldn't try it again
wang jishong
lan wang ji was supporting his forehead
with his right hand and his breathing
was steady and even
his face and the hand supporting it were
both fair and flawless as fine jade the
faint set of sandal the faint scent of
sandalwood permeated the air around him
it had been a cold somber aroma but it
was now mixed with the richness of
liquor suffusing the cool scent with
hints of warmth much like the sweetness
of mind that overcame those who were
slightly drunk
it was surprisingly intoxicating
when wei wushan moved close that
fragrance mingled with his breaths
he unconsciously lowered himself further
and shifted closer his thoughts were
fuzzy that's weird
why does it feel a bit warm in here
captivated by this heady sandalwood
blend way wishing was drifting closer
and closer so he was wholly unaware of
the motion
his voice dropped to a low murmur and
acquired a flighty teasing flavor
len
er
gangji an indistinct voice suddenly
called to him we were shan's face had
come within inches of lan wong ji's own
and the gega on his tongue had nearly
rolled over his lips
but that voice snapped him out of it
causing him to almost fall over as he
jolted upward he immediately shielded la
mongeau and turned to face the window
from where the voice had come there was
a careful tap on that window and the
tiny voice once again floated through
the wooden slats
gongji
only then did weiwu shan notice his
heart was beating a little faster than
before mumbling a comment of the on the
strangeness of it he steadied himself
and walked over to prop the window open
a black clad man hung upside down
outside the window with his feet hooked
into the eaves he was about to knock
again when way wushan thrust open the
window and bonked his head in the
process the man left out a soft ah and
caught the shutter
coming face to face with with way we
shan
the chilly night breeze whirled in from
the outside
when ning had his eyes open but they
were no longer deadly white instead he
gazed away wushen with a pair of quiet
black eyes
the two stared at each other like that
for a good while one standing and one
hanging
calm down way rochan finally said
wending's feet slip slipped from the
eaves and he fell crashing heavily to
the ground below wilbuchen wiped the
non-existent cold sweat from his
forehead
what an excellent choice for a place to
eat he thought he thought with relief
thank goodness they'd pick this tavern
to add a tranquil atmosphere the window
of this private room faced a small patch
of woods and not the streets wade wisham
took a pole and propped the window fully
open before leaning half of his body out
to look down below
when ning was dead weight and his heavy
fall had created a man-shaped pit his
eyes were still trained on way we shan
even as he lay there
way washing called out to him in a
hushed voice i told you to come down not
go down do you understand the word come
winning stretched his neck to look up at
him then crawled out of the pit and pat
it off the mud smeared on his clothes
he replied hastily oh i'm coming
oh trying to turn a page while trying to
hold a cat in your lap is uh difficult
good lord
animal okay
he hugged one of the inn's posts ready
to climb up to the window once more way
we shan exclaimed stop stay right there
i'll go over to you he returned to land
wong ji's side and bent to whisper in
his ear len jen oh lantern please stay
asleep a while longer i'll be right back
be good okay
once he was done he felt his hand itch
he couldn't help but flick lenwongji's
eyelashes with the tip of his finger
those long lashes trembled slightly at
the teasing touch then wong ji seemed a
little unsettled his brows wrinkling
weiwu shen withdrew his claws and left
out the window
hopping over eaves and branches and
leaves before finally landing on the
ground he'd only just turned around when
winning knelt in front of him
what are you doing wayward shannon asked
wending did not speak a word and simply
hung his head
do you have to talk to me like this
inside
winning murmured in a low voice
gong jing i'm sorry
fine
and then wayward shannon else in front
of wen ning as well startled winning
hastily cow towed once to him and way we
shan instantly returned the cow tau
wending jumped to his feet and alarm and
only then did way we shan't stand back
up he dusted himself off
should have stood tall to talk like this
from the start not so bad is it
whening had his head bowed and was
clearly afraid to speak when did you
regain your senses
only just now wending replied do you
remember anything from when those skull
piercing nails were in your brain
some things yes some things no
what do you remember way wushan asked i
remember being chained up in a
pitch-black space there might have been
someone who'd periodically check on me
do you remember who it was
no i only remember someone nailing
something into my head
it was probably shu young
he used skull piercing nails when he
controlled song lan too he used to be
the guest cultivator of the jin clan of
lan lang but we don't know whether he
did it on their orders or for his own
schemes
we wish him thought for a moment then
added it was probably on their orders
back then they publicly announced that
you'd been reduced to ashes if the gen
clan of lan ling wasn't involved he
couldn't have hidden you all on his own
and then how did you end up finding your
way to mount defend
later i don't know how much later i
suddenly heard clapping wending said i
heard gung-ji say awake yet so i broke
the chains and ran out
that was the command way wishing had
given the three fierce corpses back at
mo manor
the healing patriarch had issued
countless such commands to the ghost
general once upon a time so of course he
also heard and obeyed the very first
command where we shane gave upon his
return to the world
in that muddled and confused state wen
ning began searching for him with his
own undead kind and weiwi shan's command
pointing the way
as for the jin clan of land ling they
knew the fact that they'd been privately
hiding the ghost general could not be
allowed to get out
if the news did break it wouldn't just
hurt their clan's reputation but also in
sight panic so even though winding ran
off they didn't dare pursue him with
fanfare or reported or put out an order
for his arrest their hands were tied
wedding meandering across the land had
finally made it to mount defending time
to heed wae wu shan's flute summons and
so the two were successfully reunited
way would shanhiv decide that don't know
how much later is over a dozen years he
he paused briefly then said but it's
pretty much the same for me do you want
to tell do you want me to tell you some
of the things that happened over these
years
i've heard a little waning said what
have you heard i heard the burial mounds
is gone that everyone there
they're all gone
we were having such a pleasant time you
know
upside down wen ning
drunk wong ji
had wanted to tell him some fun
inconsequential gossip like how the land
family precepts had gone from three
thousand to four thousand or other such
things
he hadn't expected wedding to bring up
something so heavy from the get-go and
could think of nothing to say
but as somber as the topic was winding's
tone wasn't one of profound grief
instead he sounded like he'd known all
along that it had to be so and it
certainly was the case
they'd already predicted this worst case
scenario many times over a dozen years
ago
after a moment of silence way wishing
asked what else have you heard
when ning said softly sec leader zhang
jiang
brought forces to besiege the burial
mounds
and killed you sir
that one i gotta clarify wayward and
stated he didn't kill me i died from
spiritual rebound
winning finally raised his head to look
him in the eye
but sect leader zhang was clearly
no one can walk along a single plague
bridge their entire lives and never fall
way we shan't explain
it can't be helped
whitning seemed to want to sigh but he
had no air to exhale
all right that topic is closed dway
wushan said did you hear anything else
yes when engaged at him way guangxi
how horribly you died
seeing the mournful look on his face way
wishing sighed
have you not heard a single piece of
good news
wending knitted his brows
no i really haven't
wavy shan actually had no response
just then there came the loud crash of
something porcelain breaking from inside
the main hall leon zhua's voice quickly
followed the sound
weren't we discussing xu young how did
the argument end up here
yes we were discussing xu young but was
i wrong jingling said furiously what did
shuyong do
he's an inhuman piece of scum but wei
ying was even more nauseating what do
you mean can't be lumped together those
demonic deviants are a plague on the
world they deserve to all be killed they
deserve to all die to go extinct
wedding moves but way we shan waved
motioning for him to stop
then they heard lanjing joining the fray
complaining loudly why are you so angry
shizuoy didn't say wei wushan didn't
deserve to die he just said that those
who practice the demonic path might not
all be like shoe young
did you need to chuck plates around i
didn't even get to try that
didn't he also say the founder of the
path might not have intended it to be
used for harm jindling sneered who is
this founder why don't you tell me
who else could it be if not wei ying how
perplexing you lands of gusu are also a
distinguished cultivation clan didn't
plenty of your people die at wei ying's
hand wasn't it a headache to kill those
walking corpses and all those minions
lenuan
why are you arguing such a bizarre
stance just listen to you are you trying
to exonerate wei ying
oh wait he used his name
he used his name hang on let me put my
cat down because he's like falling out
of my lap now
good lord son
hey thank you
but yeah use his actual name
len you on
ooh
dropped it there
len yuan oh there they're about to give
me the download lenguan was lanchazoo's
birth name he defended himself i was not
trying to exonerate him i was only
suggesting that we not jump to any
conclusions until we know the full story
radical
unbelievable can't do that
you have to know
everything
even the stuff you don't know you have
to know you get one scrap of information
and then you automatically know the rest
doesn't he know how this works
recall that prior to our arrival in
yeast city plenty of people claimed that
shashing turned our john kill chang ping
of the chain clan of yu yang as revenge
but what was actually the truth
no one actually witnessed shaoxing chen
dao john kill chang ping jin ling argued
they weren't claiming anything just
speculating but how many cultivators
died at wayu shan's hands and when
ning's hands not to mention the effects
of the entiger tally during the chongqi
ooh that is chunk g right
yeah
uh chunky path ambush and the nightly
city massacre that's the truth that
countless people witnessed that's the
irrefutable undeniable truth and i will
never forget the fact that he had
wending kill my father and that it was
he who caused my mother's death
if when ning's face had had any color to
begin with it would have completely
drained at this point he asked in a
little voice
miss jiang's son
way wu shan was still
jinling continued his furious screed my
uncle grew up with him my grandfather
saw him as his own child and my
grandmother didn't treat him all that
badly
but what about him it was his fault that
lotus peer was infested by the wend
rabble reduced to nothing but their
devilish nest he broke up the jane clan
of young mung and caused the death of my
grandparents and my parents only my
uncle is left weiwushan brought his
death on himself through the crimes he
committed for all the hell he raised his
fate was to die without a corpse
the full story is right there what's
there to consider what's there to
exonerate
oh
wow
he argued back aggressively and
lanchazzui did not respond a good moment
later another boy spoke up
why do we have to fight over this for no
reason let's just not bring it up
anymore okay we're eating right now and
the food's getting cold i like this boy
who's he he's just referred to as
another boy
let's let's listen to him
judging by the voice
the boy who'd spoken was the one way we
shared teased as romantic
yeah that boy that kid
another boy agreed aloud
oh
i'm gonna call it z zen but i know one
of those probably has the different
sound
my apologies uh zam is right
stop fighting
was just careless with his words that's
all how could he have put so much
thought into a casual comment sit down
ginga
jin gangshi
let's eat
yeah we just escaped from ye city we've
forged an unbreakable bond by escaping
the jaws of debt together so why start
an argument over something
unintentionally said come on
jingling humpt only then did lanchizu
speak polite as always
forgive me i thoughtlessly misspoke
please take a seat jingongji
if the noise persists hang one june
might come downstairs and that would be
bad
mentioning hang wang's jung really was
miraculously effective ginling
immediately stopped making so much as a
single peep he didn't even huff again
the sound of the table and benches being
moved followed suggesting they had sat
back down noyes returned to the main
hall and the used voices were quickly
drowned
in the clatter of cups plates and
chopsticks we were [__] and wen however
still stood quietly there in the woods
their faces somber
as the silence stretched on windings
soundlessly knelt again it was a while
before away wishing noticed his movement
and he waved listlessly
it's got nothing to do with you whitning
was just about to speak when his eyes
suddenly moved to a spot behind weibo
shan looking taken aback wei wushan
started to turn when he saw a white
robed blur dart past him raise the foot
and kick wagneen's shoulder
when ning was sent crashing backward
creating another man-shaped pit
lan wong xi was about to kick again
i had a feeling when wei wu shan
hurriedly pulled him to a stop he begged
repeatedly hang on june hangman june
peace
it would appear sleep time was over and
drunk time had arrived
and lan wong ji had come seeking him
okay all right all right we got a
stretch we got to stretch we got to make
sure everything looking okay everything
fine everything's are we good okay got
to be ready you know got to be ready got
to be ready for drunk wonky
okay okay all right all right
here we go here we go
oh i got so excited i completely lost my
place
like literally
ah
194 middle of 194 is where we are there
we go okay
this situation was oddly familiar
it was truly shocking how history
repeated itself len wang ji looked more
normal than he had during the previous
incident though
he wasn't wearing his boots on the wrong
feet and even when he was boorishly
kicking wending with said boots his face
remained stern and righteous and
flawless in its perfection
because of course it did
once way wushan stopped him he adjusted
his sleeves and nodded he stood there
looking wholly proud and as per
weiwushan's request rained down no
further kicks
way we should seize this moment of peace
to attend to when ning you all right
i'm fine wending answered
if you're fine then stand up what are
you still kneeling for way wishing
admonished
when ning crawled to his feet hesitated
briefly and then gave a greeting
len gong-ji
len wang ji screwed up his eyebrows then
covered his ears and turned his back to
one ning facing waehu shan instead
he used his own body to block wei
wushan's line of sight
when ning was speechless
you best not stand there wait we
shouldn't explain len chan um doesn't
like seeing you very much
what's wrong with lan guangxi wending
asked
nothing
just drunk way wished replied
huh
winning went blank as if this was too
much to believe a good moment later he
finally asked then
what should we do
what else way we shan shrugged i'll take
him inside and toss him in bed
okay
len wang ji said
okay len wong ji said okay
leon ji said
way with shins like i'll just you know
throw him in bed wang ji okay
sure
yeah
let's do that
huh don't you have your ears covered why
could you hear me perfectly all of a
sudden
where was shannon prodded him
lenwangshi didn't respond this time but
he still covered his ears firmly as if
he hadn't been the one to interrupt just
now
caught between laughing and crying when
we should turn to one ning
take care of yourself hey
when ning nodded but couldn't help but
steal another glance at lan wang-ji just
as he was about to retreat wait we shane
called out again when ning you
why don't you find a place to hide first
wedding looked taken aback you've
technically died twice now wait wait
shane continued get some good rest
a line of dialogue
once wending left rey wushan peeled lang
wang ji's hands from his ears alright
he's gone you can't hear him and you
won't see him either
only then did lan wong ji drop his hands
his light-colored eyes stared blankly at
way we shan their gaze too clear too
forthright
the desire to prank land wang ji surged
like a tempest within way we shan like
something inside him had been ignited
he smiled
okay he smiled slightly
len jen will you still answer whatever
question i ask of you do whatever i ask
of you
the book version of this scene
um len munxie replied
take off your forehead ribbon way
wishing commanded him sure enough then
wengji reached behind his head and
slowly undid the knot to remove the
white forehead ribbon embroidered with
rolling clouds
when the with the ribbon now in his
clutches
we wish and examined it closely flipping
it over and over this way and that well
drat there's nothing particularly
special about this and here i thought it
was hiding some big scandalous secret
why did you get so angry when i snatched
it back then
could it be that back then lan mongeau
simply disliked him and hated anything
he did
suddenly he felt something tightened
around his wrists lan wang ji had
used the forehead ribbons to bind his
hands together and was now tying a knot
at an unhurried
pace
what
what are you doing
wait was shane asked he wanted to see
exactly what lan wang ji was up to so he
allowed him to continue
the man bound his hands tight at first
he tied a slipknot then he gave it some
thought seemed to conclude that was
unsuitable and undid the bonds and
changed tactics to a dead knot he
thought some more then still concluding
it wasn't enough tied another knot
atop that one
the draping ends of the land clan of
gusu's forehead ribbons were meant to
drift beautifully in the wind fluttering
and free
this came with the requirement that
they'd be quite long len wong ji tied
seven to eight dead knots in succession
piling them all into a string of ugly
little bumps before he was able to stop
seemingly satisfied
hey do you not want this forehead ribbon
anymore wait was shannon asked len
mungji's frown had relaxed
taking the other end of the forehead
ribbon he lifted weiwoushan's hands and
raised them to his eyes like he was
admiring his grand masterpiece
with his hands suspended way wishing
thought i look like a criminal wait why
am i playing along with him shouldn't i
be the one playing him
snapping out of it way wushan demanded
untie me
repeating the same old trick of
deliberate misunderstanding len wang ji
happily reached out for weiwoo shan's
caller and sash
don't untie that way roushan exclaimed
untie the tie on my hands this thing you
trust me up with this forehead ribbon
if len wang shi
if len wangji stripped him naked with
his hands still bound it was horrifying
to even imagine
lenron juice brows fired again at his
demand and he was still for the longest
time
waywashan raised his hands in front of
him and coaxed didn't you say you'd
listen to me hmm untie this [__] oh
crap
it suddenly left me
giga
yes
uh good boy oh no oh oh my len wong she
gave him a look then calmly turned away
as if he couldn't understand what he was
saying as if his words required pain
stinking painstaking and lengthy
consideration
oh i get it shane complained loudly
you jump at the chance to tie me up but
when i tell you to let me go suddenly
you don't understand
the land family's forehead ribbons were
made of the same material as their
outfits they looked light and airy but
were in fact incomparably
sturdy
then wengji had bound his hands tight
and put a series of dead knots on top of
that way wushan couldn't struggle free
no matter how he twisted and contorted
himself
well i really shot myself in the foot he
thought thankfully it's just a forehead
ribbon and not something hellish like an
immortal binding rope or he'd really
have me tied up good
why are you thinking about that i'm okay
this is fine
oh
i'm having a normal response lanrongshu
was gazing into the distance as he
tugged at the dangling ribbon in his
hand he really seemed to be having a
splendid time pulling at it and swinging
his arm
untie me okay way washand begged
piteously hang one june you're such a
graceful and transcendent soul how can
you do something like this huh why do
you need to tie me up how unsightly
right what what if other people see it
having heard the last part len wang ji
led him out of the woods
as he was tugged stumbling along the
path wait was shannon exclaimed
wait wait wait a sec i meant it'd be no
good if other people saw i wasn't
telling you to show it to other people
hey are you still pretending you don't
understand you're doing this on purpose
aren't you you only understand what you
want to understand isn't that it len jen
len wong ji
as he spoke lanmengji had already
dragged him out of the woods and circled
around to the street entering the main
hall of the tavern from the first floor
the juniors were still eating drinking
and having a swell time although there
had been a minor disagreement earlier
young people were good at quickly
forgetting such things and they were
currently in the merry throws of
drinking games
a few of the braver lanclan juniors
wanted to sneak drinks so someone had
been watching the stairs to the second
floor to prevent their plot being
discovered by lan wong ji
none of them could have imagined lan
wang ji would suddenly drag hue wu shan
through the front doors which were left
unguarded
when they twisted their heads to sea
every single one of them looked stunned
clink clank length singie threw himself
onto the table to hide the wine cups
he toppled several plates and bowls in
the process rendering the concealment
completely ineffective and making the
objects all the more conspicuous instead
lantern zoe stood up hey hang on june
why are you entering through here again
way washen left
your hang one dream was feeling a bit
warm so we went out for a breath of
fresh air we thought we'd ambush you you
ambush you guys on a whim say we caught
you sneaking drinks
he prayed inwardly please let lanjan
drag me right upstairs please don't say
or do anything unnecessary
you know what
i'm with wushin
on this please let lanjang just drag him
immediately upstairs
as long as he maintained that i see
called facade and said not a word no one
would know there was something wrong
with him he was just thinking this when
landmark he dragged him right to the
table where the juniors
lanchizu was greatly shocked hang on
june your forehead ribbon
he hadn't finished the sentence when his
eyes fell on way with shan's wrists with
henguan jun's forehead ribbon binding
them
as though miffed that not enough people
had noticed lin wang ji raised the
ribbon high lifting way wushan's arms to
show
everyone
present
we are on page 200. there's art
oh my god there's art look at this look
at this hang on let me click over to the
actual thing so i could look at this
there is art
there is visual evidence of this it has
been depicted oh that's a page
that's not the right page god i'm too
excited i'm too excited where am i
what's happening
look at it
he's tied he's tied up at the and he's
just being led
a chicken wing fell from lan jingy's
mouth
it landed in his bowl splashing sauce
everywhere and staining his robes only
one thought filled way wushan's head
len wang ji will have lost all face once
he sobers up
jin ling asked sounding unsure what is
he doing
he he's demonstrating a unique use for
the land clan's forehead ribbon when we
stand hurriedly explained
what unique use lance zoe began to
question before trailing off
when you encounter a very strange
walking corpse and want to bring it back
for closer examination you can remove
the forehead ribbon and apprehend it
like so wait washan stated
that's not right langjing he protested
our forehead ribbons are
lantern zoe quickly crammed the chicken
wing back in lancing's mouth and said
hastily i see i didn't realize there was
such a marvelous use and this is why
lanter zooey is my son
yes
you
cover your dad's tracks
ignoring the odd looks in the onlooker's
eyes mine wonky dragged way wushan
straight upstairs hey
there we go
that is what i'm talking
about
len wong she entered the room turned
around closed the door
and then locked the door
the last step was to push the table
against the door as if blocking some
enemy from the outside
as lang wang ji busied himself with
these tasks we shan watched helplessly
are you planning on butchering someone
in here
not quite the word i would
use but um
i'm guessing he'll be fairly destroyed
there was a painted wooden screen
installed inside the private room which
divided the space in two
one side was set up with a table and
seats to eat and converse at while the
other half had a long curtain-draped
event
to rest on
land one few dragged him to the ladder
side
and shoved him onto the bed uh was i
wrong i don't think i was wrong way wu
shan's head knocked lightly against the
divan's wooden headboard he yelled the
token ow but his real thoughts were
is he gonna force me to sleep with him
again it's not high time yet is it
hearing his pain cry lenwang jesus swept
aside the hem of his white robe and sat
down most gracefully on the side of the
divine
he reached out and stroked weiwu shan's
head although his expression was stoic
his touch was gentle as if asking did it
hurt
oh
okay i just realized how unprepared i am
for this
five more minutes five more minutes it's
like 4 40. five more minutes
as he stroked the corners of wei
wushan's lips twitched
slight worry began to color land
monkey's face at his continuous
complaints and his touch became even
gentler he even patted his shoulder as
an act of consolation we would sharon
raised his hands to show him let me go
won't you hang on june you tied me up so
tight that i'm gonna bleed it hurts
undo the forehead ribbon and let me go
okay okay
len
covered his mouth in an instant
when it comes to things you don't want
to do you pretend you don't understand
me and when you can't pretend you don't
understand you simply won't let me talk
so despicable way we shan't thought well
then don't blame me for what comes next
len wang ji had one hand firmly covering
his mouth so way was shan parted his
lips
the tip of his tongue swiftly and
lightly flicked over lan wong ji's palm
is he 10
it was the lightest of touches like a
dragonfly skimming the surface of water
but lengunji's hand recoiled as if his
palm had been licked by a flame instead
where was chandra in a deep breath
briefly feeling like his grievances were
satisfied but then he saw lan mongeau
turn around and hug his knees
then wong ji sat on the diving with his
back facing him cradling the lightly
licked hand
near his heart and went still
what's up we should ask what are you
doing
then when she looked as though he'd lost
a whole will to live after being
violated by a pervert
a little bit of an overstatement
uh overreaction
those who didn't know the situation at
hand would assume way wushan had done
something awful to him
seeing him look like he'd suffered a
huge blow waywu shan commented you
didn't like that well that's too bad
it's your fault for being such a bully
and not letting me speak
why don't you come here and i'll give it
a wipe for you
he reached out with his bound hands to
touch lang wang ji's shoulder but the
man dodged away seeing the way len wong
ji hugged his knees and silently curled
up at the corner of the bed another wave
of desire to bully him surged in way
wushan's chest
he knelt on the bed and scooted closer
and closer to lan wong ji he chuckled in
the most alluring tone he was capable of
scared
len wang-ji jumped off the bed at once
he kept his distance his back still
turned away we shan as if he was scared
of him
now wei wuchen was really going to cut
loose he languidly slipped off the
defend and giggled
my eye why are you hiding don't run away
you still have my hands bound i'm not
afraid i'm not afraid wow i'm not afraid
so what are you scared of
come come come come here
he laughed as he closed in lenwang zee
rushed to the other side of the painted
screen and was met with the table he had
pushed against the door himself to block
the entrance
way wishing stepped around the screen to
chase after him circling to the other
side the two chased each other in
circles around and around the screen
seven to eight times
boys
like one of them is drunk but way wushan
is
way we should
we should was just starting to enjoy
himself when his mind finally caught up
with him
thank you
what am i doing playing tag what the
heck did the doors shut on my brain
landon's drunk but why am i playing
along with him too
you might like him way wushan i don't
know
you might actually enjoy him
when len munxie noticed his pursuer had
stopped he stopped as well hiding behind
the screen he silently peeked out a
sliver of his snow white face to spy
on way we shan
weibuchan scrutinized him the man
appeared wholly serious and upright as
if it were an entirely different person
behaving like a six-year-old and running
around and around the screen with shan
you want to keep going way washington
asked
len wong she nodded expressionlessly
no
[Music]
no no no
that's it that's it i'm broken i'm
broken that got me oh my god
no
that's one of the best visuals
i've ever
can you just picture wonky belt i can't
oh my god
oh wow okay
who ended ended i need a stopping point
it is late
whoo
wei rushan was holding back so much
laughter that he was gonna hurt himself
oh my god when lanjan gets drunk he
wants to play tag
his suppressed laughter racked him like
an overwhelming tempest it was only with
great pain that he kept it in his whole
body shaking with the effort this land
clan of guzu no clamor allowed no
fooling around allowed no walking fast
allowed landjan must have never gotten
to cut loose like this when he was
younger
you can tell it's late so sad either way
he won't remember anything when he
sobers up so it's fine if i play with
him a little
he ran at la mangji for a couple of
steps feigning a chase sure enough len
wang ji also resumed fleeing way way
shane decided to treat this like he was
playing a game with a little one and did
his best to humorland mungji chasing him
around for a few more laps
run run run faster don't let me catch
you every time i catch you i'll lick you
you scared
he had intended this to be a threat
but len wong ji unexpectedly walked
around the screen and deliberately
collided with him
was trying to catch him
why would he deliver himself to his
doorstep
he was speechless for a second
forgetting to even reach out
seeing he wasn't moving len 1g took
waywu shen's bound hands and looped his
arm
and looped his arms around his own neck
like he was voluntarily sticking his
head into an indestructible noose
you caught me
[__] it's 447 [__]
[__]
um
oh dear god okay
oh no
i really don't wanna trust me believe me
i don't
want to
but we gotta go
we're on page 205
around the middle
but i gotta go
no no no no
okay all right okay
hang on hang on let me just let me see
something let me see how close we are
to the end of
i'm not i'm not reading i'm just
[Music]
okay we're just a couple few pages all
right i think away from
other people being involved we're just a
couple couple few pages away
so we're gonna finish them
the wife will probably get home and she
may or may not poke her head in to say
hi
okay all right okay okay okay
all right it's fine this is fine
away with shannon was confused
uh
um yeah
i caught you
lenwang she appeared to be waiting in
anticipation for something
after a good while of waiting it had not
arrived so he repeated the three words
again with more emphasis this time as if
impatiently urging him
you caught me
yeah i caught you way wishing agreed oh
my god this disaster by this oblivious
bisexual
what in the
oh oh that is going among his chief
descriptors
obliviousness
i cannot believe you just
he caught him and then
what did he say again every time he
caught him he'd what again what was that
what was that rule that one rule i just
can't really what was that
no way
this time doesn't count webshan said you
walked over on your own
he trailed off when he saw lan wong ji's
face drop
his expression frosted over and he
looked incredibly unhappy
no way wait was shan thought len jen
doesn't just like playing tag when he's
drunk he also likes being licked
he meant to remove his arms from around
land wang ji's neck but len wang ji
refused to free them pinning them firmly
in place with his
own wei rushan saw one of his hands was
on his upper arm after a moment of
contemplation he tilted his head
tentatively pressed his cheek close and
like the ghost of a kiss let his lips
brush the back of lan wong ji's hand
the tip of his tongue lightly swept that
cool jade skin
it was a very
very light touch
len wang ji
shrank back fast as lightning he removed
wei wushan's arms and then scurried off
to face the wall with his back facing
him again
he hugged the hand that had been licked
to his own chest his head bowed and lips
unspeaking
so is he afraid or does he like it weibo
shan pondered
or is it both
as he considered this question lan wang
ji turned back around his face calm once
more he requested
again
again again what we shane asked boy
boy
what the [__]
boy len wang ji ducked behind the screen
again and peeked half his face out to
peep at him don't give me that visual
again i can't handle it
that meeting was more than obvious let's
play again you chase i run
briefly speechless way wishing followed
along and did it again this time he'd
only chased him for two steps before lan
wong ji came colliding with him on his
own again
you really are doing this on purpose way
wushan griped
lin wang ji looped away with shan's arm
around his own neck and again like he
understood
none of what had just been said
and waited once more for way we shan to
fulfill his promise
i'm letting lan jan have such a great
time by himself where shen thought that
won't do it all either way he won't
remember anything i do to him once he
sobers up
so let me raise the stakes
he continued to plot against land wang
ji as the two moved to sit on the wooden
diving
you like the licking right way roshan
asked a line of dialogue
don't turn your head away tell me do you
like it if you do we don't necessarily
have to run around every time
i'll do it as much as you want
guys guys
guys
guys i can't take this i can't take this
there's gonna be
later on and i can't i can't i can't
take this not that like i can't read it
i just can't handle it
me as a as a person i cannot handle as a
oh
okay
he raised one of lang mongzi's hands
then lowered his head and dropped
a kiss between
those fair fingers so long and so
slender
then wong she began to shrink back again
but way we share and held his hand tight
not letting him withdraw
then he pressed his lips against those
defined knuckles
his breath feather light
his lips traveled along landrungs used
fingers until they found the back of his
hand
where he dropped another kiss i'm not
okay i'm not well len wang ji couldn't
pull his hand back no matter how hard he
tried
he curled his fingers clenching them
into a fist
way washing pulled back a bit of his
sleeve revealing his snow white wrist
and dropped a kiss on it too
he didn't move his head after this kiss
only raising his eyes
is that enough
okay all right okay mxtx okay mxtx you
did that on purpose
you know
you you did that
[__] look at me you did that on purpose
you created that image on [__]
purpose
that is too specific
and
too
hot to
have been
that was so
ma'am we need to have words
jesus
okay
len wang's lips were tightly pursed
unspeaking
only then did wei wushan languidly
straighten up
did you burn me any paper money
he asked
no response we wish him snorter to laugh
then
pressed close
he dropped another kiss over his heart
against his robe
if you don't talk then i won't give you
any more tell me how did you recognize
me
len wang ji closed his eyes his lips
trembling
he looked as though he was about to
confess
he
i'm
what [__] deliberate that was a
deliberate play on work
however
it just so happened that way wushan had
been staring at those pale red soft
looking lips as though bewitched
he
i'm i'm reading this correctly yes
hang on hey hey
hang on i just shorted out i'm sorry
i stopped working however
it just so happened that weiwou shan had
been staring at those pale red soft
looking lips as though bewitched
he dropped a kiss upon them
his tongue followed after looking along
his lips as though unsatiated
their eyes widened at the same time
a good moment later
len wang-ji suddenly raised his hand
a good moment a good moment
mind you a good moment not a short
moment a good moment a decent moment a
nice beat
a lengthy moment a good moment
we're just we're we're making sure that
we comprehend
okay
way washington snapped to his senses
his body drenched in cold sweat thinking
lan 1g was going to slap him silly right
then and there
he quickly rolled off the van but when
he looked back he saw lan wang-ji slap
his own forehead
forcefully knocking himself unconscious
before collapsing onto the wooden bed
here in this private room waywu shan sat
on the floor while lang wangju was
slumped on the divan
a gust of cold wind blew in through the
open window sending cold shivers down
wee wushan's back but it helped clear
his head somewhat
he rose to his feet pushed the table
back in place and sat down next to it
holy [__] that's where we're stopping
for today
oh
my
[Music]
i have been dying to know
how their how their first kiss happens
for the longest time
and this
this
is how it goes
i
she's she's
she's
she's twisted she's sick and twisted
mxtx
couldn't
she created that
i have no notes i have no notes i have
no
complaints i have no critiques
i have i
you know i couldn't
have imagined
anything more in character
obviously i didn't create them but
i
am unwell
unwell am i anyway it's five
uh so
uh
not their first kiss
there's no way i mean i'm 80d but i
wouldn't forget anything we've read so
far
is there a fl
did it happen pre cliff
huh
wait why am i looking at the art in
front of the book
oh no it's a spoiler it's a sport
y'all can't dangle that
[Music]
mean
why am i looking at the cover
you said the front cover right not the
back cover hang on
yeah art on the front of the boat
yes
oh three pages in the inside cover
[__]
oh my god sorry i've got i got caught up
in ye city art hang on
no
how did i not notice that how did i not
notice hang on
how did i not notice this
what
you want to talk about bisexual
obliviousness i'd never
i never i had no idea this was here
jesus
my god
wow okay so that's it for this live
stream
uh i will be back
on thursday
to keep reading real curious to see how
lucian processes or doesn't process
uh that
and um
was there anything i needed to say at
the end of this one
i don't think so
actually that's a lie my uh um my
reincarnation fick
uh my modern day reincarnation wang
shinfic
exists now
and um
where could i i if i had been smart
i've got hair somewhere on my face if i
had been smart
i would have put the link just in the
description box
for you
but i'm not so i didn't i totally forgot
but that exists now it's called
strangers with memories um i'll
post a comment when this live stream
posts
i'll put a pinned comment with the link
to that fake but it exists now the first
two chapters are up by the way and i
feel it's going well
so
other than that
that's it
thank you so much thank you so much
i mean thank you so much for everything
i'm also nearing like
6k
subscribers now
but we're not talking about that yet i
don't know how to process it process
that yet so i will see you on thursday
and until then please
take care of yourself